hey guys it's not 0 1 0 36 and i'm gonna
be showing you a video my cubicle
collection starting from december one so
there are 28 of these cubeecraft i have
right now and I'm gonna showing you from
first to the last yeah so first four
here are usually I do not know what we
raise our name I pretty much had
downloaded it from the website and
pretty much it not so much the name but
I'm gonna going to be posting their
names and their in the description there
so okay there's spider there's a bit
that's quite a mess right there Superman
spongebob we need to pull Cookie Monster
Nova scarf there in Minecraft ratchet
and clank my two favorite video game
characters that story Mon domo-kun Steve
let's pick axe creeper chest furnace
crafting table portal thingy much imma
call it and to omnoms cut the rope or
should I say yeah nexus iPad next one
here is another mystery guy blow them to
those four groups yeah next one is Kirby
varies from dinosaur king meta knight
blu spartan and Max is also included in
dinosaur king so the 28th one here is a
low construction I'm still making so if
you guys want to want to make one of
these cubeecraft i recommend you should
get hard paper and you should print and
mostly you should maybe need for maybe
to be awesome so I'm glue gun and pretty
much on tape if you're lazy yeah i'm
pretty sure i'm very lazy when it comes
to hands of these guys right here yeah
it's pretty lazy put in a stuffed
because I still have plenty of time for
the other so pretty much that's it yeah
and it's not yet done I'm gonna make
like a huge attachment here and maybe
under here is cobblestone but that can
be blocking the view of the cubic graph
babe yeah it does cubicles logo here on
the dirt block so if you will be given
the link in the description in the cubic
cubic raft and if you guys want to know
how I how else i got these others you
might not find there i'll just tell you
suggested on the comet we can find that
one and yeah yeah there's no tip then
because I'm good at being adding for
more dirt blocks tree it's gonna be
having time sorry I'm going to be having
a hard time printing those things
because I ran out of hard paper yeah so
I just in just on my concept for blocks
the block behind Dave will be a tree and
right beside the tree or maybe right
behind the tree would be a creeper
looking at Steve and ready to kaboom
pretty much steve is I'm just staring at
the crafting table or some sort now
pretty much i'm gonna i was supposed to
edit the crafting table some sticks and
some iron or diamonds but it will be
costing a pickaxe so pretty much my arms
are getting tired and my lungs are
getting tired too because of stock my
talking and what the hell yes you see
and as you can see there in my first
deep see what the hell yeah whatever
pretty much yeah and steve is looking at
us pretty much see that's what she's
looking at it yeah whatever screwed up
yeah and here you can click every graph
collection by raymond that's my name and
this is my worst handwriting first with
about um pretty much the snuff it's not
really my worse but your son
my handwriting materially I do a cursive
and if Gil goes if you ever comment
something bad about this cubeecraft
video crew you a lot see you guys I'll
be updating some videos sooner later